I'm talking about you Ye Wenting
Kneel down on your sister's knees
Let your sister be in front of Qin Shao
Say good things for our Ye family
Let's see if we can let go of our Ye family
It's not impossible to let you go
As long as you obediently hand over Langang Commercial Street
Qin Shao may let you continue to live in Jiangcheng
It's so vicious
You must be cowardly
The Langang business money seized by that beast
That was the only thing my mother left me to rely on
Why can't you tell which is more important?
The most important thing now is the employed
That's a company owned by Wanting
It has nothing to do with you industrialists
Then I'll use the entire stake of the vice president
In exchange for Lanjo Commercial Street
This is what you said.
Don't go back, don't go back
Such a wild house now
But also afraid
person
Wife
In fact, you shouldn't trade equity for columns
The current equity of the Ye family is no longer valuable
If you can trade equity for draft business money
It can be regarded as my explanation to my mother
This is Qin Qiang
Instruct the land to make trouble
They also forced us to transfer the company's equity
Let all my entrepreneurs get love
Don't worry about your wife.
I will protect Hong Kong's commercial street with you
We will go there tomorrow to receive management.
Tell them we won't compromise
I'd like to see it
Who dares to make trouble?
Yes, I am.